Not good is the enemy's revenge
How did they get to the continent?
Murong Chen Xiao Yuzhou
Tuobahong, you are so brave
Dare to break into my continent
It must be the curse that caused the chaos in Kyushu
Let them take advantage of the situation
Exactly.
I didn't expect your big week to be suddenly cursed
This is God helping me wait
Otherwise
How could we have seen such a wonderful scene?
Zhou Tianyu, you really opened my eyes.
You are the emperor of the big week
Kneeling down to Mystery
Shame on the emperor
It's a joke.
Your fault. My fault.
I shouldn't have left the border
Let them take advantage of the situation
It's not your fault
Since it's here, let's pack it up together
Add territory to the new kingdom
What a big breath you are!
My Nanman million elite soldiers have arrived in Kyushu
What do you charge?
Beijin No.3 Middle School
It is also the world of my Beiyan army
No, the Son of Heaven fell to Kyushu
The continents predate the invasion
Can't take it anymore?
What? No miscreants?
One country is hatred
Ah!
The sky is going to die, my big curse, come on
Seal this for me
No one can leave today